following changes to be made to the website..
1) logo on top of the webpage , make it a little bigger
2) tab name should show logo with eduversejr 
3) menu- change order of menu why choose us and curriculum interchange these places.
4) menu- after FAQ put contact us in the menu option
5)change the image in the child learning illustration image to this image in the link - 
6) when clicked on parents start free trial button , go to free trial section where it say "Book Your FREE Trial Class Today!"
7) "Why Choose EduVerseJr?
0% Worries About Your Child's Math Learning " here change from math to math and coding journey
8) next line 'Unlock your child's potential in math with personalized learning, expert tutors, and engaging tools for mastery' again add coding after math like math and coding 
9)remove "Parent Involvement Tools"
10) in this section'Math Curriculum (Grades 5-10)
Comprehensive math education aligned with international standards', remove the superscript of cuntries,just keep country name
11) in section 'see grade by grade breakdown', remove this n add this which is below in the web page'Country-Specific Curriculum Alignment" .also inside each , put a button 'grade wise curriculum' .. n add garde wise math curriculum inside each ..grade wise curriculm should open on a new tab.. also u can get its content from this link : E:\res_soft\website_clone-main\content\maths  ... also the country US needs to be shown as flag like on mobile version. do this for all countries mentioned
12) in this section 'Coding Concepts We Teach', the icons for each is wrong .. take the actual professional icon from internet . each one has its own.
13) in section'Why Choose Our Coding Program?', the last option 1:1 fun.. is not same as others.has color n all...make it look the same as other options
14) in section 'view complete curriculum by age group', make seperate sections for each like beginner level n all n put contents inside of it n should be visible when level clicked like expanding folder
15) 'Trusted by Parents in 6 Countries
Whether you're in New York, London, Toronto, Sydney, Singapore, or Dubai, EduVerseJr provides curriculum-aligned education that meets your local standards while maintaining international excellence.' change it to "Trusted by Parents around the world
 EduVerseJr provides curriculum-aligned education that meets your local standards while maintaining international excellence."
16)

